What's the problem with being drunk?
What kind of exercise is this?
Drinking alcohol makes you feel soft.
It's hard to go on like this.
It's good to swim.
Drinking alcohol makes you feel soft.
It's a good habit.
Let's go on now.
It's not hard.
If you go on like this,
you can go on a long trip.
I was so scared that I didn't even know
that I was drunk.
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
don't joke around.
There's a guy who sings with a loud voice.
The sun is coming out of the cave.
Your face is like a macho man.
You should go to the top.
There's a guy who sings with a loud voice.
I can't say that I can't sing.
My heart is burning from a long time ago.
What are you doing?
I can't say anything stupid.
I have to go.
The road is different.
I'm in trouble.
I have to go.
I have to go down here.
I don't want to go down.
This is a good town.
The color is not good.
I'm in trouble.
I have to go.
Hey, you.
What are you doing?
You're drunk.
You're drunk because you're drunk.
You're not a dim-witted turtle.
You don't have to worry.
You're a big guy.
You're an animal.
The wind is blowing.
I think I'm getting a good girl.
You're an animal.
The weather is cold.
You're so cool, man.
Ha ha ha ha.
Thank you, thank you.
Hey, hey, hey, you.
Why are you laughing?
It's not like you're joking.
You're going to kick me out of the house, aren't you?
What?
You're going to kick me out?
I'm not going to kick you out.
I'm a police officer, so I'm going to beat you up.
Oh, really?
I'm going to get beaten up